Even the United Chamber of Commerce
Sun Chenglong compared to me
Identity is also a world difference
He doesn't even deserve to carry my shoes
This is the existence of the four major Bijin families
What are you?
Dare to disrespect his master
It's Sun Chenglong standing in front of me
In that case, I will still say
He just nodded and smiled
Unsolvable
If Mr. Sun hears what you just said
Even if there is wood as a backer
You must be dead
Count me alive
Probably heard my name
He should be scared to pee
Xiao Buji, you want to show off in front of Mu Yan
You have to have believers
You're so wild
arrogant and domineering
Are you really not afraid of death?
Someone asked me that last time.
And now you're dead. Oh, yeah.
Sun Chenglong was also present
You can ask him.
Presumptuous Xiao Wujie
You keep saying things
Unforgivable sin
This will let you know the consequences of insulting Mr. Sun
Enough
Xiao Wuji is my boyfriend
You are so tit for tat
And did you take me seriously?
Master Mu, this kid relies on his relationship with you
Open mouth
hubris
If this goes on, you will definitely get into trouble
We are asking you to educate him.
What does it have to do with you?
Let's go in.
Don't promise them two scum